- Sounding by sound is a sound method of sounding sounds.
- You curse, I curse, we all curse, for asparagus!
- Betty bought butter but the butter was bitter, so Betty bought better butter to make the bitter butter better.
- A sailor went to sea To see, what he could see. And all he could see Was sea, sea, sea. 
- Upper roller lower roller Upper roller lower roller...
- Purple Paper People, Purple Paper People, Purple Paper People...
- If two witches were watching two watches, which witch would watch which watch?
- I thought a thought.
  But the thought I thought wasn't the thought I thought I thought.
  If the thought I thought I thought had been the thought I thought, I wouldn't have thought so much.
- I scream, you scream, we all scream for ice cream!





An Ape hates grape cakes.

She sells sea shells on the sea shore she sells sea shells no more  - By Sethna Hilla

I slit a sheet, a sheet I slit. And on a slitted sheet I sit. I slit a sheet, a sheet I slit. The sheet I slit, that sheet was it. 

Any noise annoys an oyster but a noisy noise annoys an oyster more.     

SHE SELLS SEA SHELLS ON THE SEA SHORE ,
BUT THE SEA SHELLS THAT SHE SELLS,
ON THE SEA SHORE ARE NOT THE REAL ONES                -  ANKITA DOSHI (MUMBAI).

A skunk sat on a stump. The stump thought the skunk stunk. the skunk thought the stump stunk . What stunk the skunk or the stump?

The owner of the inside inn was inside his inside inn with his inside outside his inside inn.

If one doctor doctors another doctor does the doctor who doctors the doctor doctor the doctor the way the doctor he is doctoring doctors? Or does the doctor doctor the way the doctor who doctors doctors?  

baboon bamboo, baboon bamboo, baboon bamboo, baboon bamboo, baboon bamboo, baboon bamboo......

My Bhaiya buys black Bananas by the bunch.

The thirty-three thieves thought that they thrilled the throne throughout Thursday.

Daddy draws doors.Daddy draws doors.Daddy draws doors.

Do tongue twisters twist your tongue?                         by Sneha. A (New Delhi)

Friendly Fleas and Fire Flies

If you notice this notice, you will notice that this notice is not worth noticing.                by Saachi Khatri (Mumbai)

Fuzzy Wuzzy was a bear, Fuzzy Wuzzy had no hair, FuzzyWuzzy wasn't very fuzzy... was he???

How many cans can a canner can, if a canner can can cans?
A canner can can as many cans as a canner can, if a canner can can cans.

How much wood could a wood chopper chop, if a wood chopper could chop wood?

If a black bug bleeds black blood, what color blood does a blue bug bleed?

If Freaky Fred Found Fifty Feet of Fruit and Fed Forty Feet to his Friend Frank how many Feet of Fruit did Freaky Fred Find?

Penny's pretty pink piggy bank

"When a doctor falls ill another doctor doctor's the doctor. Does the doctor doctoring the doctor doctor the doctor in his own way or does the doctor doctoring the doctor doctors the doctor in the doctor's way"

A tutor who tooted the flute, tried to tutor two tooters to toot. Said the two to the tutor, 'Is it harder to toot or to tutor two tooters to toot?'

One smart fellow, he felt smart. Two smart fellows, they felt smart. Three smart fellows, they all felt smart. 

Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled peppers,
if Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled peppers,
wheres the peck of pickled peppers Peter Piper picked?             

Black bug's blood.

Crisp crusts crackle and crunch.

It's not the cough that carries you off, it's the coffin they carry you off in!

Tie a knot, tie a knot.
Tie a tight, tight knot.
Tie a knot in the shape of a nought. 
 

Freshly-fried fat flying fish

Rubber baby-buggy bumpers.

Jolly juggling jesters jauntily juggled jingling jacks.

Kindly kittens knitting mittens keep kazooing in the king's kitchen.

 

Billy Button bought a buttered biscuit,
did Billy Button buy a buttered biscuit?
 If Billy Button bought a buttered biscuit,
Where's the buttered biscuit Billy Button bought ??             .....By Shirish Karker ( India)
The sixth sick sheik's sixth sheep's sick.

A skunk sat on a stump and thunk the stump stunk,
but the stump thunk the skunk stunk.

